[Silence.]
[Music.]
Well, howdy, friends.
Let's see, here it is time again.
This old Jelly Elliott and the three knothead.
Sitting here on the old pine tree down the trail here.
We're just glad as we can be that you've come our way for the next 14 minutes.
We're going to play you some of these hillbilly tunes, maybe some of them that you'll like, some new ones, some old ones, and some old ones.
So just stick around.
Stay with us, Spell.
Well, we're just as glad as we can be to be back here with you, friends, and we're mighty glad to have all of you come along down the trail with us.
Yeah, we come along just every so often here, same station, same place here.
Yeah, we come to you, friends, through the courtesy and wishes and possibilities and functions and posknowledge of the
Forestry Service, State Forestry Service, you know, them forestry boys and Uncle Sam's Forestry Service.
Yeah, we got a lot that we're going to tell you here in a few minutes or discuss or in trust or something other with you in just a minute.
First, we're going to play a hoedown here.
We're going to get Bob.
Robert.
Yeah, me too.
I love who?
No, I don't.
Yeah.
Well, Robert's going to play a hoedown here.
All you old timers, this is played especially for you.
I know there's a lot of you old hoedown breakdown.
They call them hoedowns nowadays, but
There ain't nothing but a breakdown.
Here's Robert to play one.
Sally Gooden.
Well, thank you, Robert.
Thank you.
There it was, friends.
There's an old ditty there called Sally Gooden.
I know all of you out there remember old Sally Gooden.
Yeah, I can remember a long time ago, Mama used to get the old fiddle out, you know.
You ought to hear Mama play a fiddle.
Oh, boy, she's one of the few that I've ever seen can play a fiddle, play a hoedown, and sing and dance.
Dance this regular old flat foot tap dance.
All at the same time.
She's quite a character.
You know, I can remember when I was a little boy, she used to get out the old fiddle, and I'd get the guitar, and boy, we'd play Sally Goodman, Leather Britches, and all them old tunes like that.
Yeah, and you know, that was about 50, 40 years ago too, wasn't it?
Well, you know, I was just thinking, and I don't want to think too hard.
I'll probably get hurt.
It's a hard matter for me to think, but speaking about old times and way back there, these forest fires and things, that all ties in together.
Ticks and snakes and weevils, you know, bull weevils, all that sort of stuff.
I can remember a long time ago, my grandfather, every year he used to go out there and burn off the
turn roads and burn off all the woods around the place and burn up all the timber and all, called himself burning off the, killing the ticks, killing the ticks out of the woods so they wouldn't eat up the cows and all that sort of stuff.
And I'll declare, I just think now how foolish that was.
Of course, my grandpa was a very sensible man, but in one way, but he didn't have too much sense when he thought he could burn up the ticks by burning off the wood.
Why, to burn up the ticks, he'd have to catch all the cows and burn them up.
Did you know, friends, that turtles have ticks on them?
That's a fact.
So help me, turtles have ticks on them.
The way to kill ticks is to dip the cows, not burn off the wood.
You burn up all the timber trying to kill the ticks, and that's the foolishest thing.
You can't burn up ticks.
Snakes.
Now, a lot of people burn off the woods and
And on account of snakes, they claim they're killing off the snakes.
Why, you never burn up a snake unless you hem him up in a brush heap and burn him up in there.
And then you have to watch him.
He'll come out of there.
I guarantee you can set a brush heap on fire and say, snake, now he'll come out.
You have to throw him back.
You can't burn up snakes.
They burn off the wood.
They go in a hole, and they go up in old holler, dirty logs.
It's wet in there, and you get up in there and wait till the fire's over, and then he comes out.
And weevils.
Yeah.
Now, Grandpa used to claim if he'd burn off the woods all around the field, well, he'd burn up the weevils.
And I declare the bull weevils eat up the cotton every year.
The more he'd burn, the more bull weevils it was.
You can't burn up bull weevils.
They're out there in them cotton patches.
They're holed up in them faulty bulls and things that fell off there, and they go down in the ground.
And I'll tell you something else you can do.
You can go out in the woods, around the turn roads, and you can dig into an old, wet, soggy stump, and you'll find them boll weevils in there.
Now, you can't burn up one of them kind of stumps.
You can't hurt a boll weevil by burning.
That's foolish.
You burn up thousands of dollars there.
Maybe it's your own property, but you burn up thousands of dollars worth of timber to try to raise a 10-cent stalk of cotton.
Now, friends, getting serious, that's a serious proposition, if you'll just stop to think.
If you'll handle, if you've got a five-acre track of timber there, and you'll get a hold of that old forestry boy there in your neighborhood, he's around there somewhere, and he's a country boy too.
I'll tell you that before you start.
He's a good country boy, and he's put there, he's hired by your government and your state to work for you, to help you.
Now, friends, we know that timber is one of the best crops that we've got.
And it'll bring a lot of fun, jobs, and real money to a community.
You all know that.
Well, I could stand here and tell you 30 minutes.
I could talk 30 minutes and who all gets a little dab out of a dollar made off of a saw log or a stick of pulpwood.
It goes right on up to Wall Street in Washington and back down here and back up there and back and forward.
And you just, well, I just ain't got time to tell you all about it.
We're going to play a tune.
Slim, you going to sing this next song?
Yeah, you're going to sing this song for all of the mothers.
And we do hope that there's a lot of them out there listening.
And mothers, we'd like to hear from you too.
And here's Slim to sing a song especially for you.
And it's Rockin' Alone in an Old Rockin' Chair.
I saw She seems so neglected by those who should care
Rockin' alone in an old rockin' chair Her hands were callous, wrinkled and old A life of hard work was the storm
I think of angels as I see her there, rocking alone in an old rocking chair.
Oh, I look at her.
And I think what a shame, the ones who forgot her, she loves just the same.
Oh, I think of Angel as I see her there.
Rockin' alone in an old rockin' chair.
Well, there it is, mothers.
We hope that you've enjoyed that tune.
Slim sang it, and we'd like to do it again for you.
We'd like to hear from you.
Well, we're going to get Slim to come up here next, I believe.
No, Robert.
Robert's going to sing this next time.
Yes, sir.
He's going to come up here and give forth with a sad little ditty.
Robert's got a cultivated voice.
It's all been broke up and heard and everything, plowed and all.
And he's going to strain forth here with this next tune.
And...
Before he does, though, friends, I would like to remind you again about them fires.
They're burning off the woods to kill weevils and snakes and things like that, and to scare off the ghosts.
I've heard of such a thing as people being scared of spirits, haints, ghosts, and things, and they burn off all the brush and undergrowth and stuff around the house to keep the ghosts and spirits and haints scared off.
Ain't that silly?
That's just plain ignorance.
Yeah.
He better watch out.
The booger will catch him all right if he ain't got no more sense than that, to try to burn off the woods to scare off the ghost.
Something glob will catch him and won't turn him loose either.
Robert, you ready to sing?
What you going to sing?
No, no, no.
I want you to sing right now.
You going to sing right now?
Oh, you going to sing tomorrow night and right now too, huh?
Oh, that's the name of the tune.
Here's Robert here to sing tomorrow night.
[Music.]
Tomorrow night you'll have another sweetheart Tomorrow night you'll have somebody new I'm a fool to think you're indiscreet heart
Would ever love someone with love that's true You love me in your mind and not your heart, dear And you'll change your mind tomorrow night For I see you smiling at another
Another love you'll have tomorrow night
Tonight we are together, but I know, dear And others' arms are sure to hold you tight For I see you smiling at another And others love you how tomorrow
Thank you, Robert, thank you.
There it is, friends, Robert Chivers, one of the pine knots, knotheads, that is, doing some horror knots.
Excuse me.
Muswaller knot, there it goes again, trying to take part in the program.
Let's see.
Yeah, friends, we'd like to hear from you.
If you like this mess up here, this is about the best we can do.
We're not ashamed of it a bit.
We ain't bragging about it, though.
And if you like it, wouldn't like to hear some more of it, we'd like to hear from you.
Just write us a penny postcard or letter.
Just sit down there and take a minute off.
Any of you little rabbit twisters out there going to school would like to hear a tune.
Just write us a card or letter.
Address your fan mail to Jelly Elliott and the three knotheads.
Three knotheads.
That's easy to remember, ain't it?
And I mean they're knotheads, too.
Their heads look like a sack of hickernuts.
That's the truth.
These are knotheadless old boys, including myself.
We'd like to hear from you.
Just write to us.
Send it to the station that you're now listening to.
And don't forget, we'll be back with you.
Yeah, we'll be back.
So you listen to your announcer, and he'll let you know just what day we're going to be back here.
Here's just a little thought I'd like to leave with you before we go.
A burning woods is a burning change.
Friends, that takes up all the time we've got today.
We've got to move on down the trail.
We've really enjoyed sitting here under the old pine tree playing for you.
And again, we want to tell you that it's made possible for us to play for you on these programs by your state forestry service and Uncle Sam's forestry service.
And now remember, friends, that only you can prevent wood stars.
[Music.]